Project Title: Building and Deploying a Question Answering System with Hugging Face
Problem Statement
Inefficient Information Retrieval: Finding specific answers within large volumes of text (documents, websites, etc.) can be time-consuming and frustrating.
Limited Search Capabilities: Traditional search engines often focus on keyword matching rather than understanding the true intent of a user's query.
Lack of Contextual Understanding: Search tools may struggle to provide accurate answers when questions are complex or require understanding the relationships between entities within the text.
Accessibility of Information: Valuable information can be locked within specialized documents or formats that are not easily searchable by the general public.
Need for Domain-Specific QA: Businesses and organizations often need to quickly access information within their internal knowledge bases, which may not be readily indexed by public search engines.

Context
A QA (Question Answering) system is like a super-smart search engine that understands your questions and tries to find the exact answer within a given text.
Instead of just giving you links, it reads the information and figures out the most likely answer.
These systems use machine learning to learn how to find answers like a human would.
They can be used to quickly find information in big documents, websites, or even to power chatbots that answer your questions.
Think of it as having a personal research assistant that digs for the specific answer you need!

Approach
Dataset Selection: Identify an appropriate dataset for your QA system. Consider the domain (e.g., news articles, company reports, product manuals, scientific literature). Popular QA datasets include SQuAD, NewsQA, Natural Questions.
Data Preprocessing: Clean and prepare your dataset for training. This might involve text normalization, tokenization, and structuring the data into question-context-answer triplets.
Model Selection: Choose a suitable pre-trained Question Answering model from the Hugging Face Model Hub. Consider models like BERT, DistilBERT, or RoBERTa, which are fine-tuned for QA.
Fine-Tuning: Fine-tune the selected model on your dataset using the Hugging Face Transformers library. Experiment with hyperparameters to optimize performance.
Evaluation: Measure your model's performance using standard QA metrics like Exact Match (EM) and F1 score. Analyze errors to identify areas for improvement.
Deployment: Deploy your fine-tuned model as a web application using tools like Gradio, Streamlit, or Flask, allowing users to interact with it.

Data Example
Context: "The Amazon rainforest is one of the world's most biodiverse habitats. It covers a vast area of South America, spanning multiple countries. The Amazon plays a critical role in regulating the global climate."
Question: "What role does the Amazon rainforest play in the climate?"
Answer: "The Amazon plays a critical role in regulating the global climate."
Expected Output Format:
The QA system should take a question and relevant context as input and provide a concise and accurate answer extracted from the context. Try use Gradio to make UI just from jupyter notebooks
Questions
What is the difference between extractive and generative Question Answering systems?
Explain the role of the Transformers library in building a QA system.
How does fine-tuning a pre-trained model improve its performance on a specific QA task?
Describe the trade-offs between different QA model architectures in terms of accuracy, speed, and resource requirements.
What are the challenges of deploying a QA model in a production environment?
How would you evaluate the success of your QA system beyond accuracy metrics?
Discuss strategies to handle ambiguous or unanswerable questions.
How can you collect feedback or data to continuously improve your QA system?
How can QA systems be made more robust to handle noisy or unseen data?
What ethical considerations should be taken into account when building a QA system?
Project Purpose and Skills Tested
Purpose: This project exposes you to core NLP concepts and the practical application of QA for knowledge extraction and search enhancement.
Skills:
Data preparation and understanding
Fine-tuning Transformer models
Model deployment
Familiarity with Hugging Face ecosystem
Understanding NLP concepts for Question Answering
Implement the above system using an Open source LLMs(OPTIONAL)
Pylint -> 
def test(a, b):
	‘’’Print two number
A - i

Project Evaluation metrics:
You are supposed to write a code in a modular fashion (in functional blocks)
Maintainable: It can be maintained, even as your codebase grows.
Portable: It works the same in every environment (operating system)
You have to maintain your code on GitHub.(Mandatory)
You have to keep your GitHub repo public so that anyone can check your code.(Mandatory)
Proper readme file you have to maintain for any project development(Mandatory)
You should include basic workflow and execution of the entire project in the readme file on GitHub
Follow the coding standards: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
You need to Create a Demo video of your working model and post in LinkedIn(Mandatory)

